Captain Stench dialogue additions and changes:

(New)Companion summary for terra guardian menu ingame:
A Space pilot once renown for pillaging through out the galaxy, now is left stranded on a unknown planet after survivng a collision with a meteorite which killed her whole crew.

Quest Dialogue changes(Makes it much more noticible for player that it is a quest):
(Tweak)-"I want to talk to you" --->> "Phantom Device Quest"
(Tweak/Fix)- Stench does not notice if phantom device is in her inventory nor does she distinguish between multiple phantom devices you have in players inventory.

Nickname change(makes it 1 step easier):
(Tweak)"Talk about other things" --->> "Can I nickname you?"

Common RNG Dialogue Changes/Issues:
(Fix/Tweak)-"My scouter is showing hostile entities, look out for a ambush."--->> Change "look" to "watch"(Does not seem to be corelating to enemy detection at all. Seems like she just says it as a regular dialogue that doesn't have a condition to show up only when enemies are in atleast 10-15 block radius.)
(Tweak)-"Unfortunately I am the only one who survived the crash of my ship. My cadets won't get to enjoy the treasures we will find." --->> Change "we" to "I"
(Rework/Tweak)-"My plasma falchion seems to have a empty socket for a gemstone to fit in wonder what it would do?" (This should be conditional to only happen if there is no infusion currently on Stench sword)
(New)- "I wonder if amber can be used as a infusion?......Probably not since it contains fossilized creatures, I will need to test it in the future "
(New)- "Shredding threw enemies gets me excited knowing they will drop loot"
(New)- "I guess im retired from space travel as my only family is dead now. This world will be my last plunder land, I'll be sure to make it enjoyable."
(Remove)-"My weapons are a plasma falchion and arm blaster. I stole both from a ship me and my crew hijacked while traversing space."
(New)- "The weapons I use were stolen of course but I take what I want. That isn't to say I steal out of malicious intent, I just get it how I live ya'know? some people are just collateral damage to my pillage."
(New)- "As a young gal I never had nothing, thieving has been ingrained in me since childhood"

Weapon Infusion dialogue:
(New)-"What does Weapon infusion do?" Option now gives description of which each gemstone does to the sword
(New)Gemstone descriptions(Also before the infusion is added to blade there should be a caution asking the player "Are you sure you want to infuse [Place Holder/Gemstone chosen]):
(The infusion discription should be seen when the player clicks on the infusion but this shouldn't automatically add the infusion to weapon as stated above in the added caution dialogue)
(Rework/Tweak)-"Forgot to mention my phantasm device has taken damage also if you have any spare platinum/gold bars you could help fix it. 20 bars is all it would need." --->> "My phantom device has been broken, if you have any spare platinum/gold bars you could help fix it. 20 bars is all it would need."
-This dialogue should be changed to conditional dialogue instead of RNG dialogue: Line is said only if Stench has broken phantom device in her accessory slot and no other phantom devices are present in her inventory.

Amethyst: Passive-Sword attacks apply shadowflame debuff. 
Gem Power- Blade wave that does damage and bypasses enemies and blocks.

Topaz- Passive: Sword attacks gain tremendous knock back but attack speed is lowered. 
Gem Power- Flings Topaz shards that peirce enemies shredding armor value and applying bleeding debuff.

Sapphire: Passive- Gain exponential amount of attack speed but lowers damage output by -20%. 
Gem Power- Fires a energy missle that explodes on contact dealing AOE damage and applying electried debuff.

Emerald: Passive- Gains 50% critical chance on sword attacks additonally critical strikes receive a 3x damage boost(3x damage boost applies to gem power also)
Gem Power- Conjures up a slow moving tornado that hits many times in a 3 second duration, each hit is a garunteed critical strike that scales with 25% of total weapon damage

Ruby: Passive- Attacks gain lifesteal 
Gem Power-Whiplike attack that drains enemies of their hp and heals Stench for 5% of her max health per enemy hit additionally if the sweat spot of the attack hits 50% max health is restored

Diamond: Passive- Sword attacks deal 5% max health bonus damage, additionally all sword strikes have a 50% chance to cause dazzed debuff
Gem Power- Shines bright flash that does 10% max health true damage with 100% chance to cause confused debuff.



